Gen-Alpha-Sync: AI Wellness Companion
Gen-Alpha-Sync is a specialized AI-driven ecosystem designed for the emotional support and wellness tracking of children (Generation Alpha). By combining the warmth of a traditional "Grandma" persona with cutting-edge Gemini 3 AI models and Google Cloud Platform (GCP) infrastructure, we provide a safe, empathetic space for children to express their feelings and visualize their emotional growth.
How to Evaluate (Judges' Guide)
Since this is a backend-focused submission, please use the Interactive API Documentation to test the AI agents live.

Open the API Portal: [INSERT YOUR CLOUD RUN URL HERE]/docs

Test Grandma Mode (/chat):

Click on the POST /chat bar.

Click "Try it out".

Use the following sample input:

JSON

{
  "user_id": "judge_test",
  "message": "I feel a bit lonely today and missed my school bus.",
  "language": "English"
}
Click Execute to see the AI Grandma's empathetic response (dadi_reply).

Test the Mood Diary (/mood/save-entry):

This triggers the Wellness Orchestrator.

Input a mood note like: "I had a great day playing soccer!"

The response will include wellness_advice and a garden_visual status (e.g., "blooming").

The Technical Architecture (The "Under the Hood" Flow)
In your backend, these agents act as a coordinated "Council." When a message comes in via main.py, it flows through them in this order:

Safety & Explainability Agent: First, it scrubs the data for PII (names, addresses) to ensure privacy before it ever hits the cloud.

Crisis Guardian Agent: It scans the message for "red flags" (panic, self-harm). If found, it bypasses everything to trigger an immediate alert.

Emotion Intelligence Agent: It analyzes the mood (happy, sad, stressed) and decides if it can handle the reply locally or if it needs to call Gemini 3.

Persona Agent (Grandma): It takes the "logic" from the emotion agent and "dresses it up" in warm, elder-like language and rural metaphors.

Wellness Planning Agent: It looks at the conclusion of the chat and updates the "Mood Garden" or suggests a breathing exercise.

Integrated Agent Mapping for the README
You can add this "Mapping" to your README.md so the judges see exactly how you used your agents:

📍 Agent Mapping & Use Cases
Interaction Layer: The Persona Agent translates Gemini 3's raw intelligence into "Grandma Mode," ensuring culturally resonant support.

Logic Layer: The Emotion Intelligence Agent detects stress patterns and manages cloud escalation for complex queries.

Guardrail Layer: The Crisis Guardian and Safety Agents run 24/7 in the background of every API call to ensure 100% child safety.

Outcome Layer: The Wellness Planning Agent converts interactions into actionable routines and visual garden progress stored in Firestore.

Google Cloud Integration
We have utilized GCP credits to ensure enterprise-grade reliability:

AI Models: Gemini 3 (Flash) via Vertex AI for lightning-fast, intelligent reasoning.

Cloud Storage & Database: Google Cloud Firestore for real-time, NoSQL storage of user profiles and wellness history.

Compute: Google Cloud Run for serverless, containerized deployment.

Our goal is simple: To ensure that as the world becomes more digital, the next generation doesn't feel any less heard.

